In this policy, you can take a policy for up to 125 years. Having a
limit on room rent or any
condition can be very dangerous
for your policy. You can
take a claim of any amount at any time during the policy period. The cumulative
bonus will go up to the final amount. This
coverage will be available from 31 days only. Patient due
to hospitalization: Bed is not available in the hospital,
hence he cannot be admitted or the patient does
not have the condition to be hospitalized.
Single AC private room means if you
pay Rs. 20 then you will pay Rs. 20. Hello everyone, I am
Ronak Ramrai. Welcome all to the
channel Mind Finance. Today we will discuss
about ICICI's newly launched health insurance plan Elevate and
this discussion is going to be in great detail.
We will cover all its aspects.
I can assure you that after watching this video,
you will not need to watch any other video on this topic.
So, in this video,
first we will discuss some unique features of this plan,
then we will understand this plan,
then we will understand its advances.  Because
you
can customize this policy according to your needs. Then we
will look at some of its periods, then we
will see what discounts you
can avail in it and then we will also see its premium
that how much premium you will have to pay. The
first unique feature for taking this policy
is the maximum entry age of 125 years, which means
if you are almost above 18 years, then you
can take this policy at any age.
Generally, in policies
you get a policy only up to 60, 65, 70 years, but in this policy
you can take a policy up to 125 years.
Second is enough financial care.
During the entire policy period, you
can take a claim of any amount at any time.
For example, if your sum assured is Rs 10 lakh and
it has increased to Rs 30 lakh, but
if your claim comes during the policy period, let's
say Rs 50 lakh, even though your policy is of Rs
30 lakh now, but you will get a claim of Rs 50 lakh
once in a policy period.
Third is
For Infinity, if your base sum assured is
10 lakh and you take this rider, then
your sum assured will increase by 10 lakh every year
till the final term.
Fourth is civil score discount. Here you will get a
civil score discount of up to 15 per cent
based on your civil scores. Fifth, a
unique feature is insurance assurance. This means if
you have any pre-existing disease like diabetes, asthma,
hypertension, obesity, then
you will get coverage from 31 days itself. Now we will
understand some basic features of this plan.
Talking about the entry age, you
can take this policy from 18 years to 125 years, which
means you can take it till almost any age
and in this, only dependent child up to 25
years will be considered. Talking about sum assured,
you can take a policy from 5 lakh to unlimited sum
assured.
Talking about family floater limit, you
can take it for a maximum of two adults and three children. Talking about room rent,  It
covers single AC private room, but there
is a rider that allows you to upgrade it to any other room.
Single AC
private room means that there are
different categories of rooms in the hospital. So, if
your policy covers single AC private room, then
generally it is assumed that
it is covering basic single AC private room.
Talking about pre and post hospitalization expenses, pre hospitalization
expenses are covered for up to 90 days
and post hospitalization
is covered for 180 days. Talking about bonus,
in the base policy you get an annual bonus of 20%
up to 100%, but if you
take the power booster rider, then you will be able to increase your bonus up to
this fixed amount. Talking about
auto restoration refill and reset
benefit, it is limited, which
means your policy amount will be restored unlimited times in a year.
It also covers the same person for the same illness.
Domiciliary hospitalization means when the
doctor suggests it to the patient.
Hospitalization is possible, but the patient cannot be
admitted because a bed is not available in the hospital or the patient's condition is
not suitable. This
case of hospitalization is called domiciliary hospitalization.
Domiciliary hospitalization is covered up to a short
period, but the hospitalization should be for a minimum of three days.
Day care
treatment is covered up to a short period, up to ₹1 lakh. AYUSH (
Ayurvedic, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy) is
also covered. Surrogacy and O-
site expenses are also covered up to ₹1 lakh.
Bariatric surgery (obesity and weight
loss surgery) is also covered up to the sum assured,
but there is a waiting period of 2 years.
Modern treatment is covered up to a short period.
Organ donor expenses are also covered up
to a short period. Domestic
road ambulance is also covered up
to the sum assured. Air ambulance
is not covered in the base policy, but you can
add it through a rider by paying a nominal pre-premium.
Now we will discuss its riders and add-ons,
because there are many benefits in it.  There are many
riders and add-ons through which you can customize your policy as per
your requirement. The
first one is in
final claim. As I have already
told you that you can claim any amount once in your policy tenure.
Power Booster Rider: If you take this rider, then
your bonus which was increasing by 20% will
now increase by 100% annually
up to
Inflated Share. If the sum assured is Rs. 10 lakh and you take this rider, then
your bonus will increase by Rs. 10 lakh every year. Up
to
10 ...  But right now
we feel that Rs 5 lakh and Rs 10 lakh
is short enough, but in the coming time it is going to
increase a lot, so
it may not be sufficient for us, that is why this
rider has been introduced in which your
sum assure will also increase on the basis of inflation.
Domestic air ambulance which was
not covered in the base policy, but
you can add it on by paying a rider nominal fee
and it will cover up to sum assure. Room
modification on: This is a very important add-
on because having a limit or any condition in the room rent can be
very dangerous
for your policy because here you will
not only have to pay for the room but
you will also have to pay all your expenses proportionately. So, with
this room modification, you can upgrade your room rent limit which is a
single AC private room, you can
also downgrade it to any room to
reduce your policy premium,
suppose up to 1 per of the sum assure
and 2 per  Off the sum assured extra
dependent accommodation benefit means that
you will get Rs. 1000 per day for the attendant who will stay with you. You will get it for a maximum of 10 days.
Talking about maternity benefit,
you can also take maternity benefit rider in this, in which
10% off the sum
assured will be covered up to Rs. 1 lakh but
in this you will also have a waiting period of 2 years.
Expenses of the new born baby will also be
covered if you take this rider then up
to 90 days but its limited time is of the
delivery time. Shot Vaccination Expenses
Rider is also there, here you will get % off the sum assured
maximum Rs. 1000000. Option to
reduce maternity cover rider
is also available with you, in which you can reduce your waiting period from
2 years to 1 year.
You also have the benefit of nursing at home.
If you take this rider,
you will get Rs. 2000 per day for  You will get benefit for 10 days.
Durable medical equipment rider
is also available in which items like wheelchair,
sticks and such are
also covered. Compassionate cover up to ₹ 2000000.
If you are hospitalized for more than
10 days, then you get ₹ 2000000.
Talking about health checkup, you can take copay up to 50% of the sum
assured and ₹ 5000000
and this will
reduce your premium. According to me,
voluntary copay should not be taken because, for example, if
your deductible comes to 1 lakh, then if you
take copay at 20, then you will have to pay 20, whereas
if your deductible comes to 10 lakh, then you have
copay at 20, then you will have to pay 2 lakh.
Instead of this, if there was an
option of voluntary aggregate deducted, it would have been better because
it would have been a specific amount.
50000 1 lakh, so whatever claim you have on that,
whether it is a claim of 1 lakh or a
claim of 10 lakh, you get the full claim,
that is better, but that is not available in this policy.
Network Advantage Rider:
By taking this rider, you
get a discount of 10% in your premium. There is a
condition that if you get
treatment done in a non-network hospital, then you will have to pay a
copay of 20%, whereas if you get treatment done
in a network hospital, then you do not have to pay any copay. So
now it becomes compulsory that
you have to get treatment done in a network hospital only.
Otherwise, you will have to pay a
copay of 20%, but the benefit is that
your premium also gets reduced by 10%.
Personal Accidental Cover: You
can also take personal accidental cover, maximum up
to ₹1 lakh, but you have to
take it before the age of 65. There is also a critical illness rider,
in which 20 critical illness riders are covered
up to ₹1 lakh. Now let us look at this
policy.  What are the waiting periods in this policy? The
initial waiting period is 30 days. The
specific disease which is a slow growing disease,
which is a listed disease, has a
waiting period of 24 months. The
waiting period for PD (pre-existing disease)
is 36 months. Critical illness waiting period means
if you take a critical illness rider, then
its initial waiting period will be
90 days. The waiting period for bariatric surgery
is 24 months. For diseases like
hypertension and cardiac conditions, if you do
not have PD, that is, do not have a pre-existing disease, then
its waiting period is 90 days.
Talking about the discounts of this policy, the first is
credit score or civil score discount.
If your civil score is good, then
you can get a discount of up to 15 percent.
Long 10 year
discount means if you
purchase a policy for 2 years or 3 years together instead of 1 year, then
you will get a second discount.  You get a discount of 10% on the first year's premium
and 15% on the third year's premium.
Early Renewal
Discount: Here you get a renewal discount of 2.5%
if you renew
your policy 30 days before the policy renewal date.
Wellness Discount:
Here you can get a discount of up to 30%
through the IIT Tech Care app, which is an
IIC application. Now let us discuss the premium of this plan.
For the premium, this plan has been divided into four zones - A, B,
C, D. You will have to
pay the premium according to the zone, meaning if you live in zone A,
you will have to pay a little more premium,
in B a little less, in C a little less. But there is
no zonal copay in this, meaning if you
live in zone C and
pay the premium of zone C, then you
can also go and get treatment in zone A, like Mumbai,
Delhi, for which
you will not have to provide any zonal copy, but you will have to pay the
premium on the basis of your address in your Aadhaar. Let us
talk about the premium of this policy
and we will give it as an example.  To understand this, if the base
sum is ₹10 lakh and you take a family floater in
which the male's age is 35 years, wife's age
is 30 years, there are two children, one is daughter and one
is son and both are 55 years old, then the
premium that will come is ₹22,253. But you have to keep in
mind that this sample calculation can differ according to
how many riders you add or not
or what benefits you want to avail
and according to your age.
If you have
any query related to this plan or
any query related to any insurance plan
and you want to buy it, then you
can contact us on the details given below. Because it
is very important to take the right health insurance at the right time so that you
and your family will be protected. A
right health insurance is called that when
you have the right information, right features are
available in it and you get timely right
support. If you liked the video, then like the
video and subscribe to the channel to
see such information and practical content.
Do it and
share it with friends and family